Among your friends or family, what are you famous for?
An epic feast is held in your honor, what’s on the table?
Are you usually early or late?
As a child, what did you think would be awesome about being an adult, but isn’t as awesome as you thought it would be?
As the only human left on Earth, what would you do?
As you get older, what are you becoming more and more afraid of?
Do you eat food that’s past its expiration date if it still smells and looks fine?
Do you like things to be carefully planned or do you prefer to just go with the flow?
How comfortable are you speaking in front of large groups of people?
How different was your life one year ago?
How do you judge a person?
How do you make yourself sleep when you can’t seem to get to sleep?
How do you relax after a hard day of work?
How much do you plan / prepare for the future?
How much of your body would you cybernetically enhance if you could?
How often do you people watch?
How often do you play sports?
If all jobs had the same pay and hours, what job would you like to have?
If animals could talk, which animal would be the most annoying?
If cartoon physics suddenly replaced real physics, what are some things you would want to try?
If life is a game, like some people say, what are some of the rules?
If magic was real, what spell would you try to learn first?
If money and practicality weren’t a problem, what would be the most interesting way to get around town?
If people receive a purple heart for bravery, what would other color hearts represent?
If someone narrated your life, who would you want to be the narrator?
If there was a book of commandments for the modern world, what would some of the rules be?
If you built a themed hotel, what would the theme be and what would the rooms look like?
If you could airdrop anything you want, worth two million dollars or less, anywhere you want, what would you airdrop and where would you airdrop it?
If you could convince everyone in the world to do one thing at one point in time, what would that thing be?
If you could hack into any one computer, which computer would you choose?
If you could have a never-ending candle that smelled like anything you wanted, what fragrance would you want it to be?
If you could have a video of any one event in your life, what event would you choose?
If you could have an all-expenses paid trip to see any famous world monument, which monument would you choose?
If you could know the truth behind every conspiracy, but you would instantly die if you hinted that you knew the truth, would you want to know?
If you could make a 20 second phone call to yourself at any point in your life present or future, when would you call and what would you say?
If you could make one rule that everyone had to follow, what rule would you make?
If you could switch two movie characters, what switch would lead to the most inappropriate movies?
If you could talk to animals and they would understand you, but you couldn’t understand them, what would you do with that power?
If you could turn any activity into an Olympic sport, what would you have a good chance at winning medal for?
If you couldn’t be convicted of any one type of crime, what criminal charge would you like to be immune to?
If you didn’t have to sleep, what would you do with the extra time?
If you had a HUD that showed three stats about any person you looked at, what three stats would you want it to show?
If you had a clock that would countdown to any one event of your choosing, what event would you want it to countdown to?
If you had a giraffe that you needed to hide, where would you hide it?
If you had a personal flag, what would be on it?
If you had to change your name, what would you change it to?
If you had to disappear and start a whole new life, what would you want your new life to look like?
If you had unlimited funds to build a house that you would live in for the rest of your life, what would the finished house be like?
If you lived in a virtual reality world of your own creation, what would it look like?
If you owned a restaurant, what kind of food would it serve?
If you suddenly became a master at woodworking, what would you make?
If you wanted to slowly drive a roommate insane using only notes, what kind of notes would you leave around the house?
If you were a clown themed super hero, what powers would you have?
If you were a ghost and could possess people, what would you make them do?
If you were dictator of a small island nation, what crazy dictator stuff would you do?
If you were forced to relive one 10-minute block of your life again and again for all eternity, what 10 minutes of your life would you choose?
If you were given a PhD degree, but had no more knowledge of the subject of the degree besides what you have now, what degree would you want to be given to you?
If you were given five million dollars to open a small museum, what kind of museum would you create?
If you were given one thousand acres of land that you didn’t need to pay taxes on but couldn’t sell, what would you do with it?
If you were given unlimited resources, how would you lure the worst of humanity into one stadium at the same time?
If you were hired to show tourists what life is really like where you live, what would you show them / have them do?
If you were in charge of renaming things so that their names would be more accurate, what names would you come up with?
If you were moving to another country, but could only pack one carry-on sized bag, what would you pack?
If your childhood had a smell, what would it be?
If your job gave you a surprise three day paid break to rest and recuperate, what would you do with those three days?
If your life was a book, what would its title be?
In the past people were buried with the items they would need in the afterlife, what would you want buried with you so you could use it in the afterlife?
In what situation or place would you feel the most out of place in?
In what situations, do you wish you could throw down a smoke bomb and disappear?
In your group of friends, what role do you play?
Tear gas makes people cry and laughing gas makes people giggle, what other kinds of gases do you wish existed?
There are two types of people in this world. What are the two types?
Think of a brand, now what would an honest slogan for that brand be?
What TV channel doesn’t exist but really should?
What TV show character would it be the most fun to change places with for a week?
What TV show or movie do you refuse to watch?
What about the opposite sex confuses you the most?
What actors or actresses can’t play a different character because they played their most famous character too well?
What actors or actresses play the same character in almost every movie or show they do?
What age do you wish you could permanently be?
What always cheers you up when you think about it?
What amazing thing did you do that no one was around to see?
What animal is the most majestic?
What animal or plant do you think should be renamed?
What animal would be cutest if scaled down to the size of a cat?
What animal would be the most terrifying if it could speak?
What app can you not believe someone hasn’t made yet?
What are some misconceptions about your hobby?
What are some of the best vacations you’ve had?
What are some of the dumbest lyrics you’ve heard in a song?
What are some of the events in your life that made you who you are?
What are some of your personal “rules” that you never break?
What are some red flags to watch out for in daily life?
What are some small things that make your day better?
What are some things you’ve had to unlearn?
What are the top three things you want to accomplish before you die? How close are you to accomplishing them?
What are three interesting facts about you?
What are three of the most significant numbers in your life?
What are you currently worried about?
What are you interested in that most people aren’t?
What are you interested in that most people haven’t heard of?
What are you looking forward to in the coming months?
What are you most likely to become famous for?
What are you most likely very wrong about?
What are you most looking forward to in the next 10 years?
What are you really good at, but kind of embarrassed that you are good at it?
What are your most important rules when going on a date?
What artist or band do you always recommend when someone asks for a music recommendation?
What awful movie do you love?
What bends your mind every time you think about it?
What big event do you think will happen soon that most people aren’t expecting?
What bit of trivia do you know that is very interesting but also very useless?
What book impacted you the most?
What brand are you most loyal to?
What can you not get right, no matter how many times you try?
What challenging thing are you working through these days?
What chance encounter changed your life forever?
What chapters would you separate your autobiography into?
What character in a movie could have been great, but the actor they cast didn’t fit the role?
What city would you most like to live in?
What company do you despise?
What could you do with two million dollars to impact the most amount of people?
What could you give a 40-minute presentation on with absolutely no preparation?
What country is the strangest?
What current trend do you hope will go on for a long time?
What current trend makes no sense to you?
What did you Google last?
What did you believe for way too long as a child?
What did you eat so much of that now you hate it?
What did you like / dislike about where you grew up?
What did you think was going to be amazing but turned out to be horrible?
What did you think you would grow out of but haven’t?
What do a lot of people have very strong opinions about, even though they know very little about it?
What do a lot of people hope will happen but is just not going to happen?
What do people think is weird about you?
What do you do to make the world a better place?
What do you do when you hear something fall in the middle of the night while you are in bed?
What do you hate most and love most about your car?
What do you hope never changes?
What do you hope your last words will be?
What do you like most about your family?
What do you need help with most often?
What do you regret not doing or starting when you were younger?
What do you spend the most time thinking about?
What do you strongly suspect but have no proof of?
What do you take for granted?
What do you think about when you hear the word “classy”?
What do you think you are much better at than you actually are?
What do you think you do better than 90% of people?
What do you wish you could tell yourself 10 years ago? What do you think you’ll want to tell your current self 10 years from now?
What do you wish you knew more about?
What does the opposite sex do that you wish that you could do, but it’s not anatomically feasible or it’s socially frowned upon?
What dumb accomplishment are you most proud of?
What elements of pop culture will be forever tied in your mind to your childhood?
What fad or trend do you hope comes back?
What fashion trend makes you cringe or laugh every time you see it?
What fictional characters have you had a crush on over the years?
What fictional place would you most like to go?
What food do you crave most often?
What food have you never eaten but would really like to try?
What from the present will withstand the test of time?
What game or movie universe would you most like to live in?
What gets you fired up?
What goal do you think humanity is not focused enough on achieving?
What habit do you have now that you wish you started much earlier?
What happens regularly that would horrify a person from 100 years ago?
What has been blown way out of proportion?
What has someone borrowed but never given back?
What have you created that you are most proud of?
What hobby would you get into if time and money weren’t an issue?
What horror story do you have from a job you’ve had?
What inanimate object would be the most annoying if it played loud upbeat music while being used?
What inconsequential super power would you like to have?
What incredibly strong opinion or belief do you have that is completely unimportant in the grand scheme of things?
What invention doesn’t get a lot of love, but has greatly improved the world?
What irrational fear do you have?
What is one of your favorite smells?
What is something that a ton of people are obsessed with but you just don’t get the point of?
What is something that your friends would consider “so you”?
What is something you are certain you’ll never experience?
What is something you can never seem to finish?
What is something you think everyone should do at least once in their lives?
What is something you will NEVER do again?
What is special about the place you grew up?
What is the biggest lesson you never learned?
What is the most annoying habit that other people have?
What is the most annoying question that people ask you?
What is the most impressive thing you know how to do?
What job do you think you’d be really good at?
What kinds of things do you like to cook or are good at cooking?
What languages do you wish you could speak?
What life skills are rarely taught but extremely useful?
What lifestyle change have you been meaning to make for a while now?
What makes you roll your eyes every time you hear it?
What movie can you watch over and over without ever getting tired of?
What movie or book do you know the most quotes from?
What movie quotes do you use on a regular basis?
What movie title best describes your life?
What movie universe would be the worst to live out your life in?
What movie, picture, or video always makes you laugh no matter how often you watch it?
What mythical creature do you wish actually existed?
What near future predictions do you have?
What obstacles would be included in the World’s most amazing obstacle course?
What outdoor activity haven’t you tried, but would like to?
What outfit could you put together from clothes you own to get the most laughs?
What personality trait do you value most and which do you dislike the most?
What pets did you have while you were growing up?
What piece of entertainment do you wish you could erase from your mind so that you could experience for the first time again?
What product do you wish a company would make a “smart” version of?
What product or service is way more expensive than it needs to be?
What profession doesn’t get enough credit or respect?
What qualities do all your friends have in common?
What question would you most like to know the answer to?
What questions would you like to ask a time traveler from 200 years in the future?
What seemingly innocent question makes you think "It’s a trap!"?
What skill would you like to master?
What small gesture from a stranger made a big impact on you?
What social stigma does society need to get over?
What song or artist do you like but rarely admit to liking?
What songs do you feel compelled to sing along with when you hear them, even if you don’t totally know all the words?
What songs have you completely memorized?
What songs hit you with a wave of nostalgia every time you hear them?
What sport could you play the longest in a televised game, without anyone discovering you aren’t a professional athlete?
What stat for your life would you most like to see?
What state or country do you never want to go back to?
What stereotype do you completely live up to?
What still makes you cringe when you think back on it?
What story you’ve heard has stayed with you and always disturbs you every time you think about it?
What takes up too much of your time?
What tips or tricks have you picked up from your job / jobs?
What topic could you spend hours talking about?
What trend are you tired of?
What two films would you like to combine into one?
What two things are terrible when separate but great when you put them together?
What was cool when you were young but isn’t cool now?
What was ruined because it became popular?
What was the best book or series that you’ve ever read?
What was the best compliment you’ve received?
What was the best thing that happened to you today?
What was the biggest realization you had about yourself?
What was the darkest movie you’ve ever seen?
What was the last photo you took?
What was the last situation where some weird stuff went down and everyone acted like it was normal, and you weren’t sure if you were crazy or everyone around you was crazy?
What was the last song you sung along to?
What was the most amazing physical feat you’ve managed to pull off?
What was the most important appointment or deadline you missed?
What was the most memorable gift you’ve received?
What was the most unsettling film you’ve seen?
What was your most recent lie?
What website do you visit most often?
What weird food combinations do you really enjoy?
What were you completely certain of until you found out you were wrong?
What word do you always mispronounce?
What would a world populated by clones of you be like?
What would be some of the most annoying things about having yourself as a roommate?
What would be the most unsettling thing to keep occasionally finding around your house?
What would be your first question after waking up from being cryogenically frozen for 100 years?
What would be your ideal way to spend the weekend?
What would be your spirit animal?
What would you rate 10 / 10?
What “old person” things do you do?
What’s a common experience for many people that you’ve never experienced?
What’s fine in small numbers but terrifying in large numbers?
What’s incredibly cheap and you would pay way more for?
What’s one responsibility you really wish you didn’t have?
What’s some insider knowledge that only people in your line of work have?
What’s something common from your childhood that will seem strange to future generations?
What’s something horrible that everyone should try at least once?
What’s something that all your friends agree on?
What’s something that everyone agrees we should change, but somehow it never changes?
What’s something that everyone knows is true, but we don’t like to admit it?
What’s something that happened or something that someone said that changed how you view the world?
What’s something that people think makes them look cool, but actually has the opposite effect?
What’s something that will always be in fashion, no matter how much time passes?
What’s something you are self-conscious about?
What’s something you really resent paying for?
What’s something you’ve been meaning to try but just haven’t gotten around to it?
What’s the best / worst practical joke that you’ve played on someone or that was played on you?
What’s the best and worst piece of advice you’ve ever received?
What’s the best and worst thing about getting older?
What’s the best sandwich you’ve ever had?
What’s the best single day on the calendar?
What’s the best thing about you?
What’s the best thing that happened to you last week?
What’s the best way to start the day?
What’s the best way you or someone you know has gotten out of a ticket / trouble with the law?
What’s the coldest you’ve ever been?
What’s the coolest animal you’ve seen in the wild?
What’s the dumbest thing someone has argued with you about?
What’s the dumbest thing you’ve done that actually turned out pretty well?
What’s the farthest you’ve ever been from home?
What’s the funniest TV show you’ve ever seen?
What’s the funniest actual name you’ve heard of someone having?
What’s the funniest comedy skit you’ve seen?
What’s the funniest joke you know by heart?
What’s the funniest pick up line you’ve heard?
What’s the funniest thing you’ve seen a kid do?
What’s the grossest food that you just can’t get enough of?
What’s the hardest lesson you’ve learned?
What’s the hardest you’ve ever worked?
What’s the last adventure you went on?
What’s the most amazing place in nature you’ve been?
What’s the most annoying noise?
What’s the most annoying thing about the social media platform you use most often?
What’s the most anxiety inducing thing you do on a regular basis?
What’s the most boring sport, and what would you do to make it more exciting?
What’s the most boring super hero you can come up with?
What’s the most embarrassing story from your childhood?
What’s the most immature thing that you do?
What’s the most interesting building you’ve ever seen or been in?
What’s the most interesting documentary you’ve ever watched?
What’s the most recent show you’ve binge watched?
What’s the most ridiculous thing you have bought?
What’s the oldest thing you own?
What’s the saddest scene in a movie or TV series?
What’s the shadiest thing you’ve seen someone do?
What’s the silliest thing you’ve convinced someone of?
What’s the silliest thing you’ve seen someone get upset about?
What’s the smartest thing you’ve seen an animal do?
What’s the title of the current chapter of your life?
What’s the weirdest thing about modern life that people just accept as normal?
What’s the weirdest thing that has happened to you while working at your job?
What’s the worst hairstyle you’ve ever had?
What’s worth spending more on to get the best?
What’s wrong but sounds right?
What’s your favorite drink?
What’s your favorite genre of book or movie?
What’s your favorite piece of clothing you own / owned?
What’s your secret talent?
What’s your “Back in my day, we…”?
What’s your “and then it got worse” story?
When did something start out badly for you but in the end, it was great?
When people come to you for help, what do they usually want help with?
When people look at you, what do you think they see / think?
When was the last time you changed your opinion / belief about something major?
When was the last time you got to tell someone “I told you so.”?
When was the most inappropriate time you busted out in laughter?
When you are old, what do you think children will ask you to tell stories about?
Where are some unusual places you’ve been?
Where are you not welcome anymore?
Where do you usually go when you when you have time off?
Where is the most interesting place you’ve been?
Where is the most relaxing place you’ve ever been?
Where is the most uncomfortable place you have ever slept?
Where would you rather be from?
Where would you spend all your time if you could?
Which celebrity do you think is the most down to earth?
Which celebrity or band has the worst fan base?
Which charity or charitable cause is most deserving of money?
Which of your scars has the best story behind it?
Which of your vices or bad habits would be the hardest to give up?
Which way should toilet paper hang, over or under?
Who do you feel like you know even though you’ve never met them?
Who in your life is the worst at using technology?
Who’s your go to band or artist when you can’t decide on something to listen to?
Why did you decide to do the work you are doing now?
Would you rather 20 butterflies instantly appear from nowhere every time you cough or 100 butterflies die somewhere in the world every time you cough?
Would you rather 5% of the population have telepathy or 5% of the population have telekinesis? You are not part of the 5% that has telepathy or telekinesis.
Would you rather accidentally be responsible for the death of a child or accidentally be responsible for the deaths of three adults?
Would you rather all conspiracy theories be true or live in a world where no leaders really know what they are doing?
Would you rather all electrical devices mysteriously stop working (possibly forever) or the governments of the world are only run by people going through puberty?
Would you rather all plants scream when you cut them / pick their fruit or animals beg for their lives before they are killed?
Would you rather always be 10 minutes late or always be 20 minutes early?
Would you rather always be able to see 5 minutes into the future or always be able to see 100 years into the future?
Would you rather be able to dodge anything no matter how fast it’s moving or be able ask any three questions and have them answered accurately?
Would you rather be able to go to any theme park in the world for free for the rest of your life or eat for free at any drive through restaurant for the rest of your life?
Would you rather be able to talk to land animals, animals that fly, or animals that live under the water?
Would you rather be able to teleport anywhere or be able to read minds?
Would you rather be an amazing virtuoso at any instrument but only if you play naked or be able to speak any language but only if close your eyes and dance while you are doing it?
Would you rather be an average person in the present or a king 2500 years ago?
Would you rather be a reverse centaur or a reverse mermaid/merman?
Would you rather be born again in a totally different life or born again with all the knowledge you have now?
Would you rather be compelled to high five everyone you meet or be compelled to give wedgies to anyone in a green shirt?
Would you rather be famous but ridiculed or be just a normal person?
Would you rather be famous for inventing a deadly new weapon or invent something that helps the world but someone else gets all the credit for inventing it?
Would you rather be famous when you are alive and forgotten when you die or unknown when you are alive but famous after you die?
Would you rather be fluent in all languages and never be able to travel or be able to travel anywhere for a year but never be able to learn a word of a different language?
Would you rather be forced to eat only spicy food or only incredibly bland food?
Would you rather be held in high regard by your parents or your friends?
Would you rather be hired for a well-paying job that you lied to get and have no idea how to do or be about to give the most important presentation of your life but you can’t remember any of the material you prepared?
Would you rather be in debt for $100,000 or never be able to make more than $3,500 a month?
Would you rather be lost in a bad part of town or lost in the forest?
Would you rather be only able to watch the few movies with a rotten tomatoes score of 95-100% or only be able to watch the majority of movies with a rotten tomatoes score of 94% and lower?
Would you rather be so afraid of heights that you can’t go to the second floor of a building or be so afraid of the sun that you can only leave the house on rainy days?
Would you rather be the absolute best at something that no one takes seriously or be well above average but not anywhere near the best at something well respected?
Would you rather be the life of the party and the funniest person your friends know but suffer from depression or be happy and content but people think you are boring and unfunny?
Would you rather die if you didn’t slap a new person on the butt every 12 hours or die if you didn’t kill someone every year?
Would you rather eat a sandwich made from 4 ingredients in your fridge chosen at random or eat a sandwich made by a group of your friends from 4 ingredients in your fridge?
Would you rather every shirt you ever wear to be kind of itchy or only be able to use 1 ply toilet paper?
Would you rather everyone be required to wear identical silver jump suits or any time two people meet and are wearing an identical article of clothing they must fight to the death?
Would you rather find five dollars on the ground or find all of your missing socks?
Would you rather get one free round trip international plane ticket every year or be able to fly domestic anytime for free?
Would you rather go back to age 5 with everything you know now or know now everything your future self will learn?
Would you rather go bald or be forever cursed to have terrible haircuts?
Would you rather go hang gliding or whitewater rafting?
Would you rather go to jail for 4 years for something you didn’t do or get away with something horrible you did but always live in fear of being caught?
Would you rather have a boomerang that would find and kill any one person of your choosing, anywhere in the world, but can only be used once or a boomerang that always returns to you with one dollar?
Would you rather have a bottomless box of Legos or a bottomless gas tank?
Would you rather have a clown only you can see that follows you everywhere and just stands silently in a corner watching you without doing or saying anything or have a real life stalker who dresses like the Easter bunny that everyone can see?
Would you rather have a completely automated home or a self-driving car?
Would you rather have a criminal justice system that actually works and is fair or an administrative government that is free of corruption?
Would you rather have a cute well behaved child that stays at an age of your choosing for their entire life or a child that develops from a baby to 18 years old in 2 years and then ages normally?
Would you rather have a flying carpet or a car that can drive underwater?
Would you rather have a golden voice or a silver tongue?
Would you rather have a horrible job, but be able to retire comfortably in 10 years or have your dream job, but have to work until the day you die?
Would you rather have a horrible short term memory or a horrible long term memory?
Would you rather have a map that shows you the location of anything you want to find and can be used again and again but has a margin of error of up to a mile or a device that allows you to find the location of anything you want with incredible accuracy but can only be used three times?
Would you rather have all animals feel compelled to obey you if you come within 10 feet of them or be given the opportunity to genetically design a pet that will be loyal only to you with the combined DNA of three animals?
Would you rather have all dogs try to attack you when they see you or all birds try to attack you when they see you?
Would you rather have all of your clothes fit perfectly or have the most comfortable pillow, blankets, and sheets in existence?
Would you rather have all traffic lights you approach be green or never have to stand in line again?
Would you rather have amazingly fast typing / texting speed or be able to read ridiculously fast?
Would you rather have an easy job working for someone else or work for yourself but work incredibly hard?
Would you rather have an unlimited international first class ticket or never have to pay for food at restaurants?
Would you rather have chapped lips that never heal or a terrible dandruff that can’t be treated?
Would you rather have constantly dry eyes or a constant runny nose?
Would you rather have edible spaghetti hair that regrows every night or sweat maple syrup?
Would you rather have every cat or dog that gets lost end up at your house or everyone’s clothes that they forget in the dryer get teleported to your house?
Would you rather have everyone laugh at your jokes but not find anyone else’s jokes funny or have no one laugh at your jokes but you still find other people’s jokes funny?
Would you rather have everything in your house perfectly organized by a professional or have a professional event company throw the best party you’ve ever been to, in your honor?
Would you rather have everything on your phone right now (browsing history, photos, etc.) made public to anyone who Google’s you name or never use a cell phone again?
Would you rather have everything you draw become real but be terrible at drawing or be able to fly but only as fast as you can walk?
Would you rather have everything you eat be too salty or not salty enough no matter how much salt you add?
Would you rather have free Wi-Fi wherever you go or be able to drink unlimited free coffee at any coffee shop?
Would you rather have hands that kept growing as you got older or feet that kept growing as you got older?
Would you rather have no eyebrows or only one eyebrow?
Would you rather have no fingers or no elbows?
Would you rather have one nipple or two belly buttons?
Would you rather have one real get out of jail free card or a key that opens any door?
Would you rather have out of control body hair or out of control body odor?
Would you rather have plants grow at 10 times their normal rate when you are near or for people and animals to stop aging when you are near them?
Would you rather have real political power but be relatively poor or be ridiculously rich and have no political power?
Would you rather have skin that changes color based on your emotions or tattoos appear all over your body depicting what you did yesterday?
Would you rather have someone impersonating you and doing really amazing things that you get the credit for or find money hidden in weird places all around your house every day but with no explanation where the money comes from or how it keeps getting there?
Would you rather have someone secretly give you LSD on a random day and time once every 6 months or have everyone in the world all take LSD at the same time once every 5 years?
Would you rather have the police hunting you for a murder you didn’t commit or a psychopathic clown hunting you?
Would you rather have the power to gently nudge anyone’s decisions or have complete puppet master control of five people?
Would you rather have to fart loudly once, every time you have a serious conversation or have to burp after every kiss?
Would you rather have to read aloud every word you read or sing everything you say out loud?
Would you rather have unlimited amounts of any material you want to build a house but you have to build the house yourself or have a famed architect design and build you a modest house?
Would you rather have unlimited sushi for life or unlimited tacos for life? (both are amazingly delicious and can be any type of sushi / taco you want)
Would you rather have whatever you are thinking appear above your head for everyone to see or have absolutely everything you do live streamed for anyone to see?
Would you rather humans go to the moon again or go to mars?
Would you rather it be impossible for you to be woken up for 11 straight hours every day but you wake up feeling amazing or you can be woken up normally but never feel totally rested?
Would you rather it never stops snowing (the snow never piles up) or never stops raining (the rain never causes floods)?
Would you rather kill one innocent person or five people who committed minor crimes?
Would you rather know all the mysteries of the universe or know every outcome of every choice you make?
Would you rather know how above or below average you are at everything or know how above or below average people are at one skill / talent just by looking at them?
Would you rather know the history of every object you touched or be able to talk to animals?
Would you rather know the uncomfortable truth of the world or believe a comforting lie?
Would you rather know when you are going to die or how you are going to die? (You can’t change the time or method of your death.)
Would you rather live a comfortable and peaceful life in the woods in a small cabin or a life full of conflict in a mansion in a city?
Would you rather live in a cave or live in a tree house?
Would you rather live in a haunted house where the ghosts ignore you and do their own thing or be a ghost in a house living out a pleasant and uneventful week from your life again and again?
Would you rather live in a house with see-through walls in a city or in the same see-though house but in the middle of a forest far from civilization?
Would you rather live in a utopia as a normal person or in a dystopia but you are the supreme ruler?
Would you rather live in the wilderness far from civilization or live on the streets of a city as a homeless person?
Would you rather live in virtual reality where you are all powerful or live in the real world and be able to go anywhere but not be able to interact with anyone or anything?
Would you rather live on the beach or in a cabin in the woods?
Would you rather live under a sky with no stars at night or live under a sky with no clouds during the day?
Would you rather live until you are 200 but look like you are 200 the whole time even though you are healthy or look like you are 25 all the way until you die at age 65?
Would you rather live without the internet or live without AC and heating?
Would you rather live your entire life in a virtual reality where all your wishes are granted or in the real world?
Would you rather lose all of your memories from birth to now or lose your ability to make new long term memories?
Would you rather lose all of your money and valuables or all of the pictures you have ever taken?
Would you rather lose the ability to read or lose the ability to speak?
Would you rather lose your best friend or all of your friends except for your best friend?
Would you rather lose your left hand or right foot?
Would you rather move to a new city or town every week or never be able to leave the city or town you were born in?
Would you rather never be able to drink sodas like coke again or only be able to drink sodas and nothing else?
Would you rather never be able to eat meat or never be able to eat vegetables?
Would you rather never be able to leave your own country or never be able to fly in an airplane?
Would you rather never be able to use a touchscreen or never be able to use a keyboard and mouse?
Would you rather never be able to wear pants or never be able to wear shorts?
Would you rather never be stuck in traffic again or never get another cold?
Would you rather never get a paper cut again or never get something stuck in your eye again?
Would you rather never get angry or never be envious?
Would you rather never have a toilet clog on you again or never have the power go out again?
Would you rather never have another embarrassing fall in public or never feel the need to pass gas in public again?
Would you rather never have to clean a bathroom again or never have to do dishes again?
Would you rather never have to work again or never have to sleep again (you won’t feel tired or suffer negative health effects)?
Would you rather never lose your phone again or never lose your keys again?
Would you rather never run out of battery power for whatever phone and tablet you own or always have free Wi-Fi wherever you go?
Would you rather never sweat again or never feel cold again?
Would you rather never use social media sites / apps again or never watch another movie or TV show?
Would you rather not be able to open any closed doors (locked or unlocked) or not be able to close any open doors?
Would you rather not be able to see any colors or have mild but constant tinnitus (ringing in the ears)?
Would you rather only wear one color each day or have to wear seven colors each day?
Would you rather randomly time travel +/- 20 years every time you fart or teleport to a different place on earth (on land, not water) every time you sneeze?
Would you rather relive the same day for 365 days or lose a year of your life?
Would you rather see what was behind every closed door or be able to guess the combination of every safe on the first try?
Would you rather sell all of your possessions or sell one of your organs?
Would you rather snitch on your best friend for a crime they committed or go to jail for the crime they committed?
Would you rather spend the rest of your life with a sailboat as your home or an RV as your home?
Would you rather spend two years with your soul mate only to have them die and you never love again or spend your life with someone nice you settled for?
Would you rather suddenly be elected a senator or suddenly become a CEO of a major company. (You won’t have any more knowledge about how to do either job than you do right now.)
Would you rather super sensitive taste or super sensitive hearing?
Would you rather take amazing selfies but all of your other pictures are horrible or take breathtaking photographs of anything but yourself?
Would you rather the aliens that make first contact be robotic or organic?
Would you rather the general public think you are a horrible person but your family be very proud of you or your family think you are a horrible person but the general public be very proud of you?
Would you rather there be a perpetual water balloon war going on in your city / town or a perpetual food fight?
Would you rather use a push lawn mower with a bar that is far too high or far too low?
Would you rather vomit uncontrollably for one-minute every time you hear the happy birthday song or get a headache that lasts for the rest of the day every time you see a bird (including in pictures or a video)?
Would you rather wake up as a new random person every year and have full control of them for the whole year or once a week spend a day inside a stranger without having any control of them?
Would you rather wake up each morning to find that a random animal appendage has replaced your non dominant arm or permanently replace your bottom half with an animal bottom of your choice?
Would you rather wake up every morning with a new hundred-dollar bill in your pocket but not know where it came from or wake up every morning with a new fifty-dollar bill in your pocket and know where it comes from?
Would you rather wake up in the middle of an unknown desert or wake up in a row boat on an unknown body of water?
Would you rather walk around work or school for the whole day without realizing there is a giant brown stain on the back of your pants or realize the deadline for that important paper / project was yesterday and you are nowhere near done?
Would you rather wear a wedding dress / tuxedo every single day or wear a bathing suit every single day?
Would you rather work very hard at a rewarding job or hardly have to work at a job that isn’t rewarding?
Would you rather write a novel that will be widely considered the most important book in the past 200 years but you and the book will only be appreciated after your death or be the most famous erotica writer of your generation?
Would you rather your only mode of transportation be a donkey or a giraffe?
Would you rather your shirts be always two sizes too big or one size too small?
Would you want the ability to hear the thoughts of people near you if you couldn’t turn the ability off?
